goodbye but today it is very difficult
present something new something
that is not already present on youtube that
it is not already present on dvd cd books
various electronics I had thought of
introduce yourself to games even maybe
with original player comments
worried in the clash but unfortunately
those that I like with interesting
they are already present in looking then
flipping through books my possession
is played from the states and occupied the
position you see illustrated in
diagram this study says white
moves and draws the idea promotes stolen
your own enter this position
just out of curiosity the ok to analyze
from the statistical engines dared fritz 12 ho
used fabrics 5 then jaxa it seems to me that
none of these three statistical engines
after an hour he was able to find the
move that draws only defeats 5 as
therefore possibility approved the move
what a draw though strangely giving
always advantage over black
on a scale of one that we level the most 5
more if for black if you want at least
five but if prevented by others
this position is completely in
position that derives from the first move
of the others he followed it of course
gives place to a pata even when yes
comes to the position
final among chess engines
they insist that black is ahead
the niqab is not decisive
possibility for the diaries has already been done
for all a mistake risks winning
the white one I will not say the solution of
this of this little quiz
indeed of this great European quiz which
use your own intuition
statesmen with your abilities
statistics because no engine
chess of a good future